Flink: support specifying user-provided hive-site.xml for hive catalog. (#1586)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/flink.md

  'catalog-type'='hive',
  'uri'='thrift://localhost:9083',
  'clients'='5',

>   'property-version'='1',

Reviewer: (maybe it should be discussed elsewhere) we don't need to tell users configure this `property-version`

Author: Seems we could remove it from the example,  it's not a necessary property ( The options description has mentioned that).

  'warehouse'='hdfs://nn:8020/warehouse/path'
);
```

> We must set `hive-conf-dir` property to get the custom warehouse location by specifying the hive configuration directory where to load the `hive-site.xml`, if we don't provide the `warehouse` property explicitly.

Reviewer: The document doesn't look clear enough. Actually, there are three options:
-Configure URI and warehouse
-Configure hive-conf-dir
-The resource of class path contains hive conf

Users can choose one of them

  'catalog-type'='hive',
  'uri'='thrift://localhost:9083',
  'clients'='5',
  'property-version'='1',
  'hive-conf-dir'='/opt/hive/conf'
);
```

> We could also just specify the `warehouse` property (without specifying any hive configuration path) to initialize the hive catalog: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alternatively one can instead set just the `warehouse` property (without specifying a Hive configuration directory) to initialize the Hive catalog: 
```

Author: Thanks for the change,  I will accept it. @massdosage  !

> Alternatively one can instead set just the `warehouse` property (without specifying a Hive configuration directory) to initialize the Hive catalog:

Reviewer 3: A small clarification: this implies that the use of `hive-site.xml` and `warehouse` are alternatives, but they aren't. You may want to use `warehouse` from the Hive site, or you may want to use other settings from `hive-site.xml` with a custom warehouse location. I think this should document the two options separately.

For documenting options, I think we will want to add a table because copying the SQL block each time creates a long doc. I would have one simple example for each catalog type with the options we recommend for it (Hive: uri, warehouse, and property-version; Hadoop: warehouse, property-version) and a table of other options for the Hive catalog to document `clients` and `hive-conf-dir`.

Author: Well, let me make this more clear.

* `uri`: The Hive metastore's thrift URI. (Required)
* `clients`: The Hive metastore client pool size, default value is 2. (Optional)
* `property-version`: Version number to describe the property version. This property can be used for backwards compatibility in case the property format changes. The currently property version is `1`. (Optional)

> * `warehouse`: The hive warehouse location, users would need to specify this path if them don't set the `hive-conf-dir` (The path where we load `hive-site.xml`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `warehouse`: The Hive warehouse location, users shouldy specify this path if they don't set the `hive-conf-dir` to a location containing a `hive-site.xml` configuration file.
```

> * `hive-conf-dir`: Directory path to load the `hive-site.xml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `hive-conf-dir`: Path to a directory containing a`hive-site.xml` configuration file which will be used to provide custom Hive configuration values.
```

* Don't support creating iceberg table with computed column.
* Don't support creating iceberg table with watermark.
* Don't support adding columns, removing columns, renaming columns, changing columns. [FLINK-19062](https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/FLINK-19062) is tracking this.

> * Don't support flink read iceberg table in batch or streaming mode. [#1346](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/1346) and [#1293](https://github.com/apache/iceberg/pull/1293) are tracking this.

Reviewer 3: I think we support reads in batch mode, right?

Author: Yes, that's right.
